BRIAN: IT'S A GREAT INSTRUMENT.
LOUIE ARMSTRONG WAS MY IDOL
GROWING UP BECAUSE HE COULD SING
TOO BUT NOT MANY PEOPLE CAN PLAY
THE TRUMPET.
STEVE: SOMEONE WHO LIKES TO TOOT
HIS OWN HORN.
HE JOINS US FROM CLEVELAND.
>> GOOD MORNING TO YOU.
NICE TO SEE THE BEATLES ALL
TOGETHER.
BRIAN: ABSOLUTELY.
STEVE: ISN'T IT CURIOUS.
NOW THAT WE'VE SEEN 15 PAGES OF
JAMES COMEY'S MEMOS.
THESE ARE THINGS HE LEAKED TO
HIS FRIEND, THAT WOULD SPUR A
SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION OF
DONALD TRUMP.
WE LOOK AT THE STUFF.
THERE IS NOTHING IN THERE THAT
WOULD SUGGEST RUSSIAN COLLUSION.
THERE IS NOTHING IN THERE TO
SUGGEST OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
SO WHAT GIVES?
>> STEVE, AS A CURRENT AUTHOR
MYSELF I ENVOY COMEY'S
INCREDIBLE PRESS TOUR.
HE IS EVERYWHERE SPEAKING TO
EVERYBODY.
HE HAS A NUMBER ONE, NUMBER ONE
BOOK OUT THERE, BUT THE MORE
EXPOSURE HE GETS, EVEN AMONG
PEOPLE NATURALLY FRIENDLY TOWARD
HIS POINT OF VIEW, THE LESS HIS
IMAGE OF GRANDEUR, IT IS JUST
SHRINKING.
HE IS MELTING RIGHT BEFORE OUR
VERY EYES.
NOW HE SEEMS LIKE, THAT AWE,
SHUCKS THING IS GONE.
NOW IT SEEMS LIKE REVENGE OF THE
NERD.
THE GUY IS TRYING TO STICK IT TO
DONALD TRUMP.
IT ALSO SEEMS, I DON'T WANT TO
BE A SCHOOL EXIST, AN ARMCHAIR
SCHOOL EXIST ABOUT, SEEMS --
PSYCHOLOGIST ABOUT THIS.
HE SEEMS SO EMBARRASSED ABOUT
SABOTAGING HILLARY CLINTON'S
PRESIDENTIAL AS PER RAGES HE IS
BENDING OVER BACKWARDS TO INSULT
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
TALKING ABOUT DONALD TRUMP'S
LITTLE HANDS.
HIS TIE IS TOO LONG.
ORANGE FACE AND ALL OF THESE
PRESS EVENTS HE IS DOING.
IN TERMS OF THE BOOK AND THE
MEMOS, IT SEEMS LIKE SUCH A BIG
NOTHING BURGER.
I DON'T SEE ANYTHING THERE THAT
CORROBORATES IF ANY WAY THE
COSMIC CHARGE OF COLLUSION.
STEVE: RIGHT.
>> MOREOVER, TALKING ABOUT SOME
OF THE EVIDENCE BACKING THE
CHARGES AGAINST THE PRESIDENT,
THE INFAMOUS STEELE DOSSIER AND
COMEY SUGGESTING IN A VERY
RECKLESS WAY, YES IT ES POSSIBLE
SOME OF THESE MORE LURID SEX
ALLEGATIONS, IT IS ALSO POSSIBLE
ALIENS WILL POPULATE THE EARTH
OR DISCOVER GOLD UNDER THE
FOX NEWS BUILDING ON
SIXTH AVENUE.
HE IS IS COMING ACROSS AS
RECKLESS, IRRESPONSIBLE, AS
SOMEONE WHO IN EVERY SINGLE WAY
TRYING TO EXPLOIT THE
OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE HIS CACHET.
I THINK THAT IT IS, THIS IS
ADVANTAGE PRESIDENT TRUMP AS OF
RIGHT NOW.
BRIAN: UNLIKE YOUR BOOK, YOUR
MEMOIR LOOKING BACK AT YOUR
YEARS, HE HAS AN UNFOLDING
INVESTIGATION AND NEWS HAPPENING
WHILE HIS BOOK IS COMING OUT.
SO HE WANTS TO TALK TO ABOUT HIS
BOOK AND REFLECTIONS.
HE IS FORCED TO TALK ABOUT THE
NEWS.
JAKE TAPPER DID A GREAT JOB.
BRET BAIER WILL BE BETTER NEXT
WEEK.
HE ASKED HIM ABOUT PETER STRZOK.
PETER STRZOK, THE FBI AGENT,
TEXTING SOMEBODY, LED THE FBI
INVESTIGATION, TEXTING
DISPARAGING THINGS ABOUT THE
PRESIDENT.
CAN YOU UNDERSTAND HOW HE FEELS
THERE IS BIAS HERE?
SURE I WOULD BE VERY CONCERNED
ABOUT THAT.
THAT IS THE REASON BOB MUELLER
REMOVED PETER STRZOK.
THAT IS THE MISSING THE POINT.
THE DAMAGE WAS ALREADY DONE.
HE TALKED TO HILLARY CLINTON.
HE TALKED TO MICHAEL FLYNN.
HE WAS PART OF AN INVESTIGATION
LOOKING AT EMAILS BACK IN
OCTOBER THAT WOULD EVENTUALLY BE
RELEASED LATER THAT MONTH.
PETER STRZOK WAS SOMEBODY ON THE
WRONG SIDE OF THIS.
>> PETER STRZOK, BRIAN, IS ALSO
EVIDENCE OF WHAT SEEMS TO BE,
AND I HATE TO SAY IT BECAUSE I
HONOR THE FBI AND THE DOJ.
THEY ARE THE IMPARTIAL ARBITERS
OF OUR FATE WHEN IT COMES TO LAW
AND ORDER, "CRIME AND
PUNISHMENT" BUT THERE DOES SEEM
TO BE, AT LEAST THERE WAS, A
STINK IN THESE INSTITUTIONS, AN
ANTI-TRUMP STINK.
STRZOK ONE OF THE MOST VIVID
EXAMPLES OF THAT BUT AT SOME
POINT YOU HAVE TO PUT YOUR ELF
IN THE PRESIDENT'S SHOES.
HOW WOULD YOU FEEL INCREDIBLY
POWERFUL COLLECTION OF FBI AGENT
S AND ASSISTANT ATTORNEY
GENERALS AND SO FORTH WERE
ALMOST PRE-DETERMINED TO SINK
YOUR POLITICAL FATE?
IT REALLY SEEMS VERY, VERY
UNSAVORY.
IF THE FLYNN THING, THE GENERAL
MICHAEL FLYNN THING, IS THE
STRONGEST EVIDENCE THEY HAVE OF
OBSTRUCTION, THE PRESIDENT
SAYING TO COMEY, I HOPE YOU CAN
SEE YOUR WAY CLEAR TO LET THIS
THING GO, WHY CAN'T WE CONSTRUE
THAT AS IT MOST NATURALLY WOULD
BE CONSTRUED?
HERE IS WAR HERO.
HERE IS A MAN THAT SERVED HIS
COUNTRY.
HERE IS A GUY WORRIED ABOUT HIS
OWN SON'S FATE, GENERAL FLYNN.
CUT I AM SOME SLACK ON SOMETHING
NO HARM, NO FOUL.
AINSLEY: GERALDO, WHEN I READ
THROUGH THESE MEMOS, MOST OF OUR
VIEWERS WILL NOT SIT DOWN TO
READ THE PAGES.
IT IS OUR JOB E JOB TO TELL THEM
WHAT IS IN IT.
THREE MEETINGS, TWO AT TRUMP
TOWER AND ONE AT THE WHILE
HOUSE.
A MEETING WITH REINCE PRIEBUS
AND THREE PHONE CALLS WITH
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
I READ THROUGH THE WHOLE THING.
THERE WAS THINGS THAT STOOD OUT.
MOST OF THE INFORMATION OUT
THERE IS WHAT WE KNOW.
YOU MENTION THE STINK THING,
COMEY SAID HE DIDN'T LEAK IN THE
MEMO HE TOLD
GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS THAT HE
DID LEAK TO HIS FRIEND THE
REPORTER.
HE ALSO SAID THAT THE PRESIDENT
WENT BACK TO HIM AND SAID I
DIDN'T STAY IN THAT HOTEL ROOM
IN RUSSIA.
THAT DIRTY DOSSIER THING STOOD
OUT TO ME.
YOU MENTIONED THE STINK PART.
THIS IS WHAT HE SAID AFTER THE
FIRST MEETING IN THE
THE CONVERSATION WHICH WAS
PLEASANT AT ALL TIME, WAS
CHAOTIC, TOPICS TOUCHED,
RETURNING LATER MADE IT
DIFFICULT TO RECOUNT IN LINEAR
FASHION.
IT WAS JIGSAW PUZZLES WITH
PIECES PICKED UP AND RETURNED
TO.
HE SAYS HE IS NOT POLITICAL.
THAT SOUNDS EXTREMELY POLITICAL.
SOUNDS LIKE HE HAS DISDAIN FOR
THE PRESIDENT.
IF HE WAS GOING TO GET FIRED HE
WANTED THAT IN THERE FOR HIS
BOOK.
WHAT STRUCK YOU WHEN YOU READ
THE MEMOS?
>> YOU KNOW ANSWER SY I FEEL
SIMILARLY.
FIRST OF ALL THE MEMOS WERE A
CLASSIC EXAMPLE OF COVER YOUR
BEHIND.
HE WANTED, EX POST FACTO, AFTER
THE FACT, TO RECREATE A
SITUATION THAT REFLECTED MOST
NEGATIVELY ON THE PRESIDENT AND
MOST POSTIVELY ON JAMES COMEY.
HE KNEW THAT HIS DESTINY WAS
VERY FRAGILE, HIS STANDING WITH
THE FBI, VERY MUCH TENUOUS, VERY
MUCH IN DOUBT BECAUSE OF THE
PRESIDENT'S ATTITUDE TOWARD HIM.
BUT FOR HIM TO WRITE THESE
THINGS DOWN, IT SEEMS SO
SELF-SERVING.
IT JUST SEEMS TO ME ALMOST AS IF
HE WAS PENNING THE FIRST DRAFT
OF THE BOOK THAT HAS NOW BEEN
PUBLISHED.
STEVE: YOU KNOW WHAT IS
INTERESTING ABOUT THAT --
>> THERE IS NO NOBILITY IN JAMES
COMEY THE WAY I SEE IT RIGHT
NOW.
STEVE: HE TOOK NOTES OF HIS
CONVERSATIONS WITH DONALD TRUMP
BUT NEVER TOOK NOTES WITH
HILLARY CLINTON OR BARACK OBAMA
OR LORETTA LYNCH.
ISN'T THAT IRONIC?